you men so
I mean
yeah I look like
[Music]
you have been my greatest
be careful Diana
I do not deserve you
[Music]
if you never met a man before but what
about your father I had no father I was
brought to life by this collapse need
[Music]
I can't do that
what I did not see you
[Music]
it's a candy I'm pleased Travis
secretary what is the secretary I go
what is helping together when I do what
you tell them to do and where I'm from
that's called slavery I really liked hot
ladies of you tonight
[Music]
stay here I'll go ahead
mom
[Music]
my name is Captain Steve Trevor pilot
American Expeditionary Forces zero
number eight one four one nine two one
that's all I'm at liberty to assign the
British intelligence what the hell is
this thing
the last two of Hestia compels you to
reveal the truth really I what is your
mission whoever you are you are in more
danger than you think what is your
mission I hope I am spy from the spy see
why are we hiding
captain clever I believe you have
something that is the property of
general ludendorf all right yeah that
guy convention give us dr. Mao's
notebook
whatever that thing
Cermak
or maybe not
tough luck is there anything else you
wanna show me please slow down
yes your leader how can he say that
believe that and you with your duty to
simply give them a book you didn't spend
your ground you didn't fight just was no
just changing it
it's an Aries and he's not going to
allow a negotiation or a surrender the
millions of people you talked about they
will die you're going anyway you mean
you were lying spied it's what I do I
know you're not lying to me right now I
am taking you to the front like you we
need reinforcements
pardon you're stronger Denise Diana
again
[Music]
never let your guard down your
respective apples will be fair about the
would never be fair um yep that's not
going to work please put the sword down
Diana Dinah let me try coming after you
sir got a second why don't I meet you
back to the office I mean while I'll
take this oh no I don't think you gotta
put the sword down Diana please it
doesn't go with the outfit down oil put
the spoon down first of all promise me
you will protect it with your mind but
yes right you can trust her just hand
that over she owes and the shield never
well you got it they said upsy-daisy
I used to want to save the one this
beautifully
with the closer you get the more you see
the great darkness live in
I learned this the hard way
a long long time ago
what is your mission to stop the war
what war the war to end all wars
weapons far deadlier than you can ever
imagine
welcome Bahamas
where you are you are more dangerous
than you think I cannot stand by while
innocent lives are lost
be careful Diana
who is this woman she's my secretary sir
she's a very good secretary
because our sacred duty to defend the
world and it's what I'm going to do
[Music]
you
how can a woman possibly fight him to
fight we use our principles although I
am NOT opposed to engaging in a bitter
fisticuffs
should the occasion arise the gods gave
us many gifts one day you'll know them
all this is where we keep them beautiful
who Whitney is
only the fiercest among us even could
and that is not you Diana
[Music]
you will train harder the name iam is on
before by time Carter penny times harder
never let your guard down you expect a
battle to be fair until she is better
than even you but she must never know
the truth about what she is
what is this place who are you if he's
our sacred duty to defend the world
wherever you are you are in more danger
than you think
be careful Diana no one else will defend
the wolf in a month welcome to jolly ol
London here yeah it's not for everybody
back or maybe not
anything else you wanna show me
what
I am Diana Optimus Kira doctor of
Hippolyta in the name of all that it
could feel wrath upon this one
[Music]
yep that's not gonna work please put the
sword down it doesn't go with the outfit
at all have you never met a man before
what about your father
I had no father I was brought to life by
do-right
the gods made the Amazon is brought
peace to the world make what I'm going
to do oh that's neat welcome to John
Hall London here yeah it's not for
everybody
[Music]
step back or maybe not who is this woman
Oh yep that's not going to work please
put the sword down it doesn't go with
the outside at all
Wonder Woman rated pg-13 experienced it
in IMAX 3d June 2nd damn fighting does
not make you human what if I promise to
be careful just a huge band Dorian no
sharp edges be careful the man calling
Diana
oh I do not deserve you
it told me this story
[Music]
what is this place who are you people
here are the bridge to a greater
understanding right what if your mission
well here's the thing you are in more
danger than you think the boys in the
trenches called her doctor poison
millions would die the war would never
end
I'm going mother if you choose to leave
you may never return home will I be if I
stay will come
when you have to
to the Lord well technically the wars
that way but we got to go this way first
how can a woman fight in this whoa who's
this young woman she's my
and
Diana Princess of sim and Prince Diana
Prince
if you believe that this war should stop
help me stop it right now
what oh you'll soon find out
[Music]
Wonder Woman rated pg-13 experience at
an IMAX 3d June 2nd
[Music]
you